you know my dad is actually not on
wealthy quote my dad is actually not on
the wealthy if push came to shove I'm
not gonna starve
my dad's gonna back me up if push came
to shove your dad bought you an Infiniti
okay let alone and I not even coming
close to shove right and that doesn't
make you a bad person that sure doesn't
make me a bad person okay but the fact
is we we have backup and a lot of people
in this country don't have backup uncle
Award nominee his brother his brother is
a newscaster 48 hours my dad isn't that
interesting
this is 2006 2006 when the Young Turks
were just getting started they may not
have known it but they were the start of
this long long period frankly of
dominance of left-wing media and it was
already being pointed out by their
audience that really they're all quite
wealthy people and that includes things
that still come up on the show they
mention taking vacations in exotic
places like Hawaii they mentioned things
about their lifestyle in Los Angeles
already in 2006
the question was beginning to be asked
about their individual extraordinary
wealth but now in 2020 the question I'm
asking is about their institutional
wealth like if they could ask for
donations back in 2000
sex when they boasted they had a budget
of only $35,000 or forty-five thousand
dollars a month total operating cost
after you crossed that point where you
have a headline in a mainstream
newspaper announcing 20 million dollars
of capital investment right venture
capital at what point do you stop ask
you for donations at what point do you
stop crying poor and recognize that me
certainly amongst the left-wing media
very futureless get paid today this is a
particularly of work whether publishing
broadcasting or YouTube a lot of people
are doing this for no money at all or
merely symbolic payment if you want to
know how much I make and in fact these
people don't represent the common man
they don't represent the plight of the
poor or the oppressed in some really
strange sense from day one from the
start the liberal voice of our cause are
really the cream of the crop that
reaches the wealthiest the most
prestigious the ones who have most of
the awards so this also gets into a
really interesting question people on
the left why is it that you feel wealth
would disqualify someone to play this
role but I mean jank even if you think
about his background going through law
school and then having the option to not
become a lawyer you know it's that's a
great privilege to go through law school
for most people would be an enormous
amount of debt after which they then
couldn't take any risks you know it's
not that nobody's know that poor people
can't afford to go to law school at all
that's a tremendous risk tremendous debt
in the United States of America and then
there but Jenk went to law school they
never practice law he decided to be a
radio talk-show host instead so on and
so forth already at that stage you get a
hint of how wealthiest family is and he
owns up to it here he says that his
family is actually wealthier than the
other two people whose families have
just been mentioned does it disqualify
you to be a voice of the left if your
family is fabulously wealthy
you know is there a more nuanced
conclusion to draw here I remember the
person who was most bent out of shape
about my supposed wealth how many videos
of I recorded in this shirt guys this
the same shirt I think has more than 100
YouTube videos at this point but my
presumed wealth the person who was most
upset about it was actually Joe vegan so
for you guys who can remember there was
a YouTube channel coach Joe ping and I
remember him sending emails saying you
know I googled how much the tuition
costs at that Chinese school you went to
in in Kunming China and I said Joe and
he was really he was really bent out of
shape and demented about it and he had
his own mental problems and he had a
kind of stereotypical white British
working-class mentality that mmm all the
rich people are against him or something
and he really felt this disqualified me
to do what I'm doing on YouTube to
wealthy to hold a microphone or
something and I remember saying I said
yeah look you know I'm not upset about
this I'm happy to discuss this with you
but you're British you think the place I
studied Chinese is tremendously
expensive do you know how much
University of Oregon costs you know what
University of Hawaii costs like even if
you go down to like small local colleges
in the United States like you know how
much tuition is in countries of the
United States it's actually it's
actually a really cheap option to fly to
China and take Chinese lessons there
instead of doing it at University of
Oregon or you know you name it even in
the third-string Mohawk State College or
something hey hate to tell you this but
the numbers you saw the internet that's
not expensive that's that's cheap you
know but he was he was completely
emotionally capable of dealing with it
he was just freaked out by this notion
that I was part of a conspiracy of
millionaires if you want to see just how
much or how little money is in my future
stay tuned to this channel but yeah it's
interesting when you meet people for
whom that's a really visceral reaction
and I don't think they can put it into
words I don't think they can think it
through clearly themselves in their own
mind what it is they think what it is
they feel what is the
believe about the relationship between
rich and poor and like how it is you've
betrayed them because from their
perspective you've concealed how wealthy
you are right your this comes up in this
call the idea that you're pretending to
be a normal person but you're not really
one of us you're part of this elite
class you're part of this economic
wasn't winning Italy to overthrow a
little my god we we have everything
going for us no not everything going for
us and here we are talking about the
downtrodden and I think they are shaking
about it sir just looking at the
expressions of their faces so I think
they were not expecting to deal with
this question there was an old song from
Bob Dylan the rich and the strong and
the weak and the poor you gather them
together and there ain't room for no
more Los Angeles Los Angeles California
the divisions between rich and poor are
very deep and very wide I mean you know
the rich and the poor I think do live in
two solitudes there and in the media
world I mean I think what he's talking
about just in terms of connections you
know when you look at the career of sam
Harris it has everything to do with who
his parents were
just him getting his publishing deal in
the first place him getting into the
media in the way he did no doubt the
career of Sam Harris had a lot more to
do with the connections his parents had
in Hollywood as wealthy successful
basically Star Wars and Hollywood much
more than had to do with him getting a
PhD or even how much money in the bank
but yeah it's made a huge difference to
Sam Harris his career as a quote
intellectual unquote that he was
fabulously wealthy and well-connected
and nobody thinks it's because sam
Harris had nuanced or well-informed
opinions about politics nobody thinks is
because he was a scholar of religion or
history or anything else I want to be
able to help you
my mom was born there but I didn't that
I were you sorry I do actually think the
caller has a point and again if you've
watched the Young Turks if you just
listen to a few episodes at random it is
interesting how much scorn they keep on
conservatives just even like the
talk-show hosts on CNN or something
not even like right-wing or extremist
but how much scorn they keep on their
political enemies for living in luxury
for being wealthy and then there were
these mentions in passing of just how
wealthy there are themselves but I've
been dying as for the whole time that
you've been talking okay let's assume we
are all privileged and we've all gotten
18 Awards before we even got here and
you know and you know and actually when
I was born in Istanbul the hospital
Hector is all right remove a silver
spoon out of my ass my dad is actually
not on the wealthy family far richer
than my okay okay so why are we supposed
to do acknowledge your position I think
you should acknowledge where you are
where you're talking from so here we are
14 years later and they're trying to
raise $200,000 a month in donations
above and beyond what they make from
YouTube above and beyond what they make
from patreon above and beyond what they
make from subscriptions from t-shirt
sales from hats and
after multiple two million dollar target
rounds of crowdfunding charitable
donations so and so forth I think the
other question is at what point at what
point does the e begging stop
[Music]